LiveLonger
	Desired Big Picture features:
		Decision-making
		Trade
		Occupational mobility
		Geography
			Distances between nodes of action.
			Literal motion between places.
		Known information
			Would be great not to project just within data, but within the brains of each individual.
		Friendship/Marriage
			At first it could just be a chance encounter algorithm, but later become an intentional distance thing.
    Want to make functional trade, followed by advanced features such as projecting decisionmaking by each colony member, down to the day or even morning/afternoon in certain cases. Each colonist would have to project forward their own wellbeing as if they were to do x, then compare it to their wellbeing if they don't do x, etc., among many spheres of action such as work, eating, trading, and the like.
	Components to implement to make this a reality involve robust actions that return values rather than directly impacting Data, so that a person can "imagine" as though they had full information. It would be interesting later to implement some sort of fuzziness when imagining later outcomes, even in basic things like appx returns on food, and always with things such as famine or the like.
	Also, runtime needs to be prioritized if I'm going to go anywhere serious with this, like modeling entire countries. I think a big part will be waiting to render sections of data until they are called upon, but I'm not sure how that would fit with the chaos of the whole things, eg. Cycle needs to know when a family or group has become extinct before allotting particular land as available again. How could I get around rendering every bit of it? It might suffice to avg out to vague outcomes, and when the UI "zooms" to a piece of desired data, it generates between the gaps of the whole things.
	As a policy I can add some redundancies or "gaps" where I plan to implement complexity later. This would open the door to collaboration as well as hold me to the features that I want to add.
Superorganism

Celarian

ClueCalc
	This will be a lot of a lot easier than I thought . . .

Perseverant
	A bit like Mount and Blade in its functioning economy and travel aspects, as well as having goals and political possibilities. I wonder what all exists out there that goes for the level of complication I could plan on. It seems like a low hanging frut to me to make a decent procedurally generated realistic universe.
	Step one would probably just be to check out how advanced all the motion in the mount and blade map is, finding how they calculated all of the responses to nearby Lords, chase v. flee, and the like. It's the interactions between the parties and the autonamity they carry that's most interesting. Also, I really need to finish out my linear algebra work to make sure I know how to calculate all this junk. I'll need to make sure I keep up with my level of math as I want to implement some serious stuff, I think.

Design is the dream.

Homeless design elements
    Advanced GUI
        Words that sit, then get replaced.
	